Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
What have you got to say?
Give us something at least!
- Well. what have you got to say?
- Give us something!
- What are you gonna do?
- Are you not gonna talk?
- Are you making an arrest or not?
- What if he kills again?
We need to give you an update.
We've got an undercover police officer
posing as a lonely heart.
writing love letters to Stagg.
And he's. already describing
his fantasies to her.
I mean. this… It sounds like a honey trap.
It's not a trap. The operation
has been specifically designed
to create the conditions for the suspect
to eliminate or implicate himself.
Yeah. It's built for Rachel's killer.
not for Colin Stagg.
But you do still think it's him?
We're sure of it
and that this is how we prove it.
Obviously. we'll keep you fully informed.
Well. once the coroner's inquest is done.
I'll be taking Alex away.
- Where to?
- I'm not going to tell you that.
And I won't be giving you
a direct phone number either. I…
I just think the less people that know.
the less chance of anyone finding us.
Look. if Alex does remember anything.
I'll… have it recorded and sent to you.
Things will settle down. André.
The media will move on.
We are getting closer
to making an arrest every day.
You have no idea.
Can you look at me and honestly say
that our lives will go back to normal?
- Here he comes!
- Oi! André! André!
- Give us a picture!
- Give us a picture. André!
- Come on. André. talk to us!
- One fucking picture!
Give us a fucking picture. André!
Come on. you Black bastard!
Oi. monkey!
These arms of mine.
They are lonely.
Lonely and feeling blue.
These arms of mine.
They are yearning.
Yearning from wanting…
We're leaving
all the bad things behind. Alex.
That means we can't tell anyone
about what happened to Mummy. okay?
And if they do ask.
you remember what we say. right?
Accident.
That's right. accident.
And if they keep asking.
we can say car accident. All right?
They're ready for you.
Keith.
Let me introduce you.
This is Keith Pedder. DI.
who's heading up our investigation.
Right. so we believe
Colin Stagg is our killer.
And he's been corresponding with
our undercover officer. Lizzie James.
for a while now.
So we any closer to charging him?
We're making progress. sir.
We're looking to see if Stagg's letters
will prove that he's the killer.
Professor Britton is confident
that sooner or later...
It needs to be sooner. Very much sooner.
We are very aware of the time pressures.
not least because Rachel and her family
have come to mean so much to us.
How confident are we
that this obviously lonely fella
isn't just saying
what Lizzie wants to hear
in pursuit of sexual relations?
Very confident.
Immediately. we'd like to create
a phone number
so that Lizzie and Stagg
can talk more freely.
He's pushing for an in-person meeting.
We'd like to at least plan for that.
Now. there is an element of danger.
of course. but it could be more dangerous
to leave our suspect
out on the street much longer.
All right. Shall we get that mask on?
Nice.
It's bigger than Grandma June's house.
isn't it?
Bigger.
No.
- Please.
- Appreciate the visit. sir.
Well. it's not social. I'm afraid.
Well. if you need
some more information about...
We've already spent in excess
of a million pounds on this inquiry.
Yes. I understand
everyone's under a great deal of pressure.
but meeting Lizzie will deliver Stagg.
Look. I didn't say this in the room
but I'm sure you hear the same rumors
of a certain newspaper knowing about
our undercover operation.
Like you said. we need to hold our nerve.
But there's a limit to everything.
Money. time…
Patience.
Support and loyalty.
You got their backing.
but a friendly warning.
You shouldn't need me to tell you
where the buck stops
if this operation fails.
Sorry. Ivan. I'm struggling to hear you.
Can you speak up?
Carla. can you just tell Alex
to turn that down. please?
- Yeah. of course.
- Thank you.
- Ivan. one more time. please.
- Alex.
Turn it down.
Your dad's on the phone to the police.
Okay. but is it him?
All we know for certain
is that after months of retesting.
forensics have identified
unknown male DNA on Rachel's clothes
that doesn't belong to you or Alex.
Ivan. is it his?
Early comparison with Colin Stagg's DNA
does look promising.
but a lot of work needs to be done
before we can be sure.
How long will it take?
Alex.
Listen. I know
how hard this is for you both.
We'll obviously keep you fully informed.
And in the meantime.
please don't talk to the press about this.
Do...
- No way. dude.
- What are you trying to prove?
- You're not going to jump those stairs?
- He is just a kid.
You're gonna break your neck.
What's got into you now. Alex?
- Go on. go for it.
- He's a show-off.
He's not gonna do it.
He'll chicken out. Watch.
Don't be a fucking idiot. Alex.
Come on. do it.
He'll back out now. You'll see.
Stop. stop. stop.
Fuck it.
- Alex! Alex. no!
- Stop. stop!
Alex!
Holy fuck. I told you!
Move. move!
Good. Move.
Good.
No music?
I guess he's asleep.
He isn't home yet.
But I told you
he needs to be back at 10:00 the latest.
I told him more than once.
He doesn't listen. He's a teenager.
He's not just any teen...
Alex?
- Where the hell have you been?
- I told you to be back by 10:00.
I told you I don't need a babysitter.
Hey. Carla's not a babysitter.
She's an au pair.
And when I coach in the evenings.
she's in charge. Alex!
- What?
- Look. I need to know where you are. okay?
What were you doing?
With who?
- You don't know them.
- That's exactly why I'm asking!
Dad. don't worry. all right?
They don't know about our past.
- It's not about that. Alex.
- It's always about that. Dad.
What's going on? Have you hurt yourself?
Just pick a punishment. Dad. all right?
Whatever. I'm tired.
It's not you I don't trust. It's…
See. the problem is he's got…
he's got no fear.
The worst thing
that could happen to him already has.
I know it's none of my business.
But he's right. André.
He's right about what?
I know you wanna protect him.
And I know why.
But you can't do it forever.
He needs to make his own mistakes.
Or how will he grow up?
You're right. Carla.
It isn't your business.
Why are you putting money in the bag?
Well. because this bag
is very important. Alex.
It's gonna stay by the front door.
and if we ever need to leave in a hurry.
this is all we'll need.
So I need you to make sure
that you don't move it
or take anything out.
Do you understand?
Why are you putting passports in there?
Well. so we can go wherever we need to.
'Cause we can get on planes with these.
can't we? Yeah?
- Yeah.
- We're not gonna tell anyone about this?
- Nah.
And the same for London and Mummy.
If anyone asks…
- Tell you straight away.
- Straight away. Okay. Good boy.
All right. Where shall we put this?
Shall we put it behind the door?
- Yeah.
- Safe place?
Will he talk to me?
One second.
Alex. Come say hello to Grandma June.
I'm fixing something.
Well. he's actually busy right now.
Tell him I've got some jobs want doing.
How are you?
You seem so far away.
Yeah. but
no one can find us here. Mum.
And even if they do. they
can't get in.
You can't keep the world
away from him forever. can you?
I know it's hard. but you've gotta start
trusting people again at some point.
But did you speak to the police?
Did you pass the video to Keith?
Yeah. I did. I thought you weren't
putting him through that anymore.
Alex is remembering things
he's never spoken about before.
So something's changed.
Everything has changed. hasn't it?
I mean. everything.
And I… I do worry some of these changes.
even if they're for the right reasons.
might not be for the better.
Do you remember. Alex. what you told me
about what the bad man was doing?
Yes.
He was holding a knife. This is his knife.
Okay.
And you saw what he was doing?
Yes.
- He was putting it in Mummy.
- And where were you?
By her head. By a bit of paper.
The one with Mummy's PIN number?
What did you do with that piece of paper?
I put it there in case she needed it.
Mystery solved.
Well. then…
…let's give the bastard his meeting.
One-two. One-two.
As received. India-2.
India-1 approaching position
from the northwest.
Lizzie told Stagg a story.
worked out with the professor.
about something terrible she did
involving the ritual murder
of a woman and her child.
Stagg was completely unfazed by it.
And when they parted.
he gave her a new letter.
another fantasy. more extreme this time.
in which he describes carrying a knife.
What we have here is
an extremely rare form of sexual deviance.
And the probability
of two people suffering from it
being on Wimbledon Common
at the time of Rachel's murder.
I can only describe as
being vanishingly small.
You know…
You know. if you…
if you stayed at mine this weekend.
I could take you to the common at night
and show you exactly where it happened.
Do you know who did it. Colin?
I mean… do you have any ideas?
No. I dunno.
I wish you had done it.
Knowing you got away with it.
I think that's brilliant.
You know. they…
They showed me a picture of her.
You know. the police.
when I was in for questioning.
She…
She looked like this.
What's he doing?
Dunno.
Stagg lay on the ground and showed Lizzie
the position of Rachel's body
as it was left by her murderer.
He described the position
of her head and her hands.
neither of which was visible
in the single photograph
that he was shown during the interview.
Only the killer could have known that.
Well done. Keith. Well done.
A man's been charged
with the murder of Rachel Nickell.
who was stabbed to death
while walking with her young son
on Wimbledon Common just over a year ago.
Scotland Yard says Colin Francis Stagg
was arrested at 5:30 this morning
at his home in Roehampton
in South West London.
He'll appear before Wimbledon magistrates
tomorrow.
They've got him. son. Colin Stagg's
been charged with murder.
Yeah. Mum. It's…
It's great. But…
…doesn't really feel like it's over.
Just the circus starting up again.
Well. it will when they lock him up.
And then you can come home. can't you?
We'll see.
All right. George? Excuse me.
Here. Keith.
Cheers.
Long way to go yet. Wicker.
Yeah. but we got him.
Alex. the police have told me
they caught the bad man.
And they think it's really important
that you talk about what happened
just one more time.
I didn't want you to have to.
but it's gonna be okay
'cause we'll be together.
And when you're older.
you'll know that you did
everything you could for Mummy.
Is he in jail?
Yeah. He is.
- Mummy.
- One second. Jaz. …
- Helen. you were saying…
- Mummy.
Sorry. can you hold on? Sorry.
What's wrong. Jaz?
You promised you'd do my hair.
So sorry.
I'm gonna have to call you back. Okay.
All right. then. Up we get.
Shall we plait your hair?
There we go. There we go.
Right. You do your dolly's. I'll do yours.
Sir.
Thanks.
Guv?
- Check if those blinds work. will you?
- Yes. guv.
Detectives say
it's the most vicious murder
they've ever had to investigate.
Samantha Bisset was stabbed
more than 70 times.
Her four-year-old daughter
was suffocated in her bed.
Today. the man
who found their bodies said.
"I think it was a madman. a psychopath."
Police think the murders happened
late on Wednesday.
They have few clues to go on.
But Samantha had told her boyfriend
of a Peeping Tom
who'd stared into the flat
the previous week.
Micky Banks. I haven't seen him for years.
Micky. how are ya?
This is quite the operation.
Well. let's just say it's a relief
to deliver a return on investment.
Good suspect. is he? Stagg.
Couldn't be much better. What's up. Mick?
Jesus.
Gets worse.
- He killed the kid as well.
- That's why I'm here.
It's probably
the worst job I've ever worked on.
Samantha Bisset
and her four-year-old. Jazmine.
sexually assaulted and butchered.
That's the only word for it.
In their own home.
They lived in Plumstead.
And this is Wimbledon.
Yeah. I see where you're going. but...
But the scenes are close enough
and the crimes rare enough
for it to be worth a visit. don't you think?
- When was it?
- Early November.
Stagg's been in custody
since August. so…
I know.
It can't be the same killer. can it?
Can't it?
Our child was allowed to live. Micky.
It's a big difference.
Yes. but...
And all the resources
you see here. and more.
have gone into proving
that Colin Stagg killed Rachel Nickell.
And he did.
You know what your evidence is. so…
Ours was a sticker too.
No DNA. nothing from the scene.
Get Paul Britton involved.
Have him create a profile.
How's the lad doing?
Yeah.
Thank you for coming.
I wanted to talk about Alex.
Shall I speak English?
- Please.
- Okay. come.
So Alex is a lovely boy.
He's always smiling.
Please sit down.
… But
he… doesn't talk.
Well. I mean. we're…
we're both still learning the language.
No. I mean. he understands.
but he won't talk to adults at all.
Can you think of a reason for that?
No.
Also…
…his drawings
are… disturbing.
Disturbing?
Yeah.
So much black.
Well. I mean. he's…
He's been obsessed with Captain Black
from Captain Scarlet lately.
So it's probably just… just that.
Did something happen to Alex?
Do you think you could give me
the details of your doctor?
I would still like to refer Alex
to the school psychiatrist.
No.
When did you say
his mother's accident was?
I didn't.
You know.
we're here to help you.
I understand. It… it's just that
these things you've mentioned
could be very normal
for a child that's just moved country
and school. couldn't they?
I hope so.
So. really. I have to insist.
No psychiatrist.
Yeah. yeah. thank you.
It's a match.
The print off the window frame
outside the Bissets'.
It matches a dab on file
of a chap arrested for imitating
a fucking police officer.
Anyone know the name Robert Clive Napper?
Suspect in the Green Chain Walk rapes?
Right. someone get DI Pearse on the phone.
- Where's your boss?
- At the end. mate.
I believe you know the name Robert Napper.
Maybe. Why?
Well. not only is he in the frame
for our double murder.
but we reckon he's a dead ringer
for your Green Chain Walk rapist.
who I believe was never caught.
Is this why you wanted to see me?
We thought you might be interested. yeah.
That was two years ago.
Napper was seen and eliminated.
How?
His height. He's 6'1"-ish. I think.
And our victims describe a man
more like 5'7 " or 8".
What. all of them?
Several.
You got good DNA evidence
from some of the rapes.
Was. Napper blood-tested?
We did get a few calls
saying Napper resembled the photo fit.
so we asked him to come to Eltham
and give a blood sample.
- And?
- He never showed up.
So?
So we wrote to him
and again asked him to attend.
And did he?
No.
Sorry. let me get this right.
Napper is ID'd multiple times
from the photo fit.
Then fails to give blood
not once. but twice.
And you rule him out because
some of your victims
reckon he's a bit too tall.
It's not Napper.
Right.
Well. we're planning to arrest him.
And he'll give me blood.
Then we'll see
what he has and hasn't done.
All rise.
- Hello.
- Hello. it's Keith. André.
The session's been adjourned.
Had a bit of a false start. I'm afraid.
Adjourned? Why?
The judge wants time to read the evidence
that they've already had for months
before listening to arguments
about the admissibility of material
from the undercover operation.
Meaning what?
Meaning our barrister
will have to convince him
that the Lizzie evidence
should be heard by a jury.
Okay.
And what if he can't?
Stay positive. Stagg is our man.
Your Honor. the police operation was
nothing other than a sophisticated sting
with the sole purpose of tricking
a confession out of Colin Stagg.
The policewoman involved used lies.
promises. and blandishments
to get her evidence.
The operation
could not have been carried out
without some element of deceit.
The object was not to trick the defendant
into making an admission.
but rather to investigate
his sexual fantasies.
The defendant had
as much of an opportunity
to reveal his innocence as his guilt.
The operation is flawed legally
and morally from start to finish.
and. as such.
is unreliable and inadmissible.
I'd say.
50-50 at best.
How have we got to 50-50?
The judge will make a ruling
on Wednesday. but until then. we… we wait.
Okay.
Before I embark on this ruling.
I wish it to be clearly understood
that until its conclusion.
nobody is to leave the court.
The prosecution sought to persuade me
that the object of the exercise
was to afford the accused
an opportunity either to eliminate himself
or implicate himself in the murder.
I regard this description
as highly disingenuous.
The murder of Rachel Nickell
was a terrible crime.
Any legitimate steps taken by the police
in an attempt to bring the perpetrator
to justice are to be applauded.
but if a police operation involves
the clear trespass into impropriety.
the court must bar the way.
For these reasons.
I uphold the defense submissions
that the Lizzie James material
will not go before a jury.
In light of Your Lordship's ruling.
the Crown must now offer no evidence
against this defendant.
Mr. Stagg. you are therefore free to go.
- Well done.
- So that's it?
I know this is…
It's devastating.
Yeah. but. Keith. I don't understand.
Does this mean you have to start again?
No…
Stagg is our man.
I trusted you.
And I let you down.
And Alex and Rachel too.
- I'm so sorry. André. Believe me.
- No.
I won't make that mistake again.
The man accused of the brutal murder
of Rachel Nickell
on Wimbledon Common two years ago
today walked free from court
before the trial proper had even begun.
An Old Bailey judge launched
a stinging attack on police methods today.
Outside the court.
Colin Stagg said he was innocent.
and his life had been ruined
by the use of half-baked theories
devised by psychologists.
Today's ruling raises
many fundamental questions.
the most important of which is.
who did kill Rachel Nickell?
Hello?
I think you have the wrong number.
André? André Hanscombe?
My name's Matt Travers.
I'm a senior reporter with…
I'm sorry. It's the...
We're outside.
We wanted to talk to you briefly...
Alex. go to your room. now. Go.
What do you think about Stagg's release?
- Leave!
- André…
- Just leave! Get out!
- We just want...
You don't know the harm you do!
- Just go!
- André.
- Get out! Get out!
- It's okay.
- We're leaving. André.
- Drive! Go!
Leave now! Go!
Thank you for coming.
Please take a seat.
What's going on?
Truthfully. Mr. Hanscombe.
we could have asked you to come in
many times before.
But we hoped
things might resolve themselves.
- What "things"?
- Alex's behavior.
He was caught in the toilets
smoking marijuana.
I would be within my rights
to expel Alex for this alone.
Was it only Alex?
Was it just Alex that was caught smoking?
- No.
- There were some girls. I believe.
And I assume you spoke to their parents
and threatened them with expulsion also.
This is far from the first time
we've had concerns about Alex.
- Okay.
- And… …suspicions.
- Well. I don't mind being expelled.
- Alex.
Sorry. What suspicions?
There was a… a break-in a few months ago.
Some computers were stolen.
and it was suggested
that Alex may have been involved.
Sorry. you said it was suggested?
- Yeah.
- But there was no evidence?
A lot of people have been...
Do you know what an accusation
without evidence is worth?
Mr. Hanscombe…
Nothing.
Actually. it's less than nothing.
Thanks for sticking up for me.
I bet you liked a little smoke
back in the day.
Yeah. I guess it's easy to pick on me
and all 'cause I look different.
- Alex.
- Yeah?
Did you steal the computers?
- What do you think?
- Alex. what if they involved the police?
- They'd do a background check…
- Why does it come back to that?
I don't know. Is there another explanation
for this behavior?
You're a liar.
I'm a li... I'm a liar?
What exactly am I lying about?
You said it was the world you don't trust.
But that's just not true. is it?
It's me. You've always thought
I was gonna get into some kind of trouble.
- That's not true.
- What if it's not me who's fucked up?
- What if it's you?
- Alex…
You're grounded.
When will I stop being that kid?
You'll stay at home in the evenings
until your school tells me
that your behavior
and your attitude has improved.
Fuck you.
Just here on the left.
Police. Just do as you're told.
Robert Napper. I'm arresting you
for the murders
of Samantha and Jazmine Bisset
and on suspicion of sexual offenses
going back to 1989.
You do not have to say anything.
Anything you do say may be used
in evidence. Do you understand?
I don't know Samantha Bisset.
I've never been where you said.
Shoes. Where's your shoes?
I need to speak with Pedder.
I can take a message.
but if it's about the Nickell inquiry…
Tell them Micky Banks called.
I've might have information
that links our cases.
And we've now charged a man
with double murder.
A man called Robert Napper.
We searched his room
and found a London A-Z
marked at locations
where we know women were attacked.
Now. there is a mark in South West London.
and the only serious crime nearby
is the murder of Rachel Nickell.
Are you still there?
Yes. sir. Thank you.
I'll make sure
the information is passed on.
The man in charge
of all police operations here in London
is. of course.
the Metropolitan Police Commissioner
Sir Paul Condon.
It's been described as the greatest.
one of the greatest.
and the greatest fiascoes
in terms of police
and prosecution of a murder and so on.
So somebody got something wrong.
I know it's fashionable
to have someone to blame.
The whole thing is extraordinary.
because it seems to me
whoever was overseeing this prosecution
from the beginning must have recognized
the real risks that they were putting
justice into the scales. as it were.
As of now.
are you putting any people
full-time on this case?
There is no point in… in throwing
dozens of people at this inquiry
just to satisfy the press.
It would be very easy for me
to. create a… a spurious team
and throw lots of people at this.
If there is real information.
real public interest.
real… real clues that we can follow up.
that will be done.
Come on. It's gonna be fun.
We get to learn a new language.
and even the winters are warm there.
Come on. Alex.
Once we get to Spain.
things will be better.
Come on. Alex.
We don't wanna be late again.
Alex.
Hey. come on.
Have you seen Alex?
Hola.
Any idea where Alex is?
Alex.
- What the hell?
- Skateboarding and…
Alex. you had me so worried.
You know my son?
We have spoken.
Haven't we. Alex?
What's going on?
There was a big fight
near the bus station
between two groups of youths.
There have been several lately.
We believe
Alex was involved in all of them.
You must be mistaken.
Alex.
Alex is part of a group
of much older youths.
They skateboard where they shouldn't.
They drink.
They fight.
And we believe
Alex is responsible
for vandalizing a police vehicle.
Well. say something.
After all these years of being so careful
to stay under the radar. and you...
Might have known
that would bother you the most.
So I suppose
you wanna leave the country now?
Where we going this time?
Is this really the boy that I raised?
Are they pressing charges?
Is this the boy
his mother gave her life for?
Are they or not?
No.
For once. you should be thankful
for a lack of evidence.
What do you mean. "gave her life for"?
- The police told me…
- Probably bullshit.
…after reexamining the evidence.
the pathologist was sure.
down to the lack of defensive wounds.
that your mother didn't struggle
or try to defend herself.
Because she was trying
to protect you. Alex.
She sacrificed herself.
What would she make
of this version of you?
- Don't do that.
- I don't know how to get through to you.
I'm out of punishments.
Alex. everything I've ever done
has been to protect you.
Bullshit!
I'm sorry?
That's an excuse.
You're only hard on me
'cause you feel guilty
for not protecting me and Mum
when we needed you most.
I do love you. Dad. but…
…I don't respect you.
So how long am I grounded for this time?
I told you. Alex. I'm out of punishments.
I can't keep the world away from you
or you away from the world.
What you choose to do. Alex.
is completely up to you.
André.
It's Ivan Agnew. I'm sorry
it's been so long…
But I'm pleased to say
I'm calling you with some news.
Okay.
So the unknown male DNA
has now been enhanced enough
to be compared with samples
from 88 persons of interest.
Eighty-seven of them have been ruled out.
And one of them can't be.
And is it him?
No.
It's not Colin Stagg.
But we know who it is.
And this time.
he'll answer for what he's done.
No! No!
Time for your session now.
Time to go now. Bob?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm